[DOCFIX] Add how to enable web/metrics on standby masters (#15449)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/Metrics-System.md

* Worker: The Alluxio worker process.
* Client: Any process with the Alluxio client library.

When the cluster is running with High Availability, by default the standby masters do not

> serve the metrics. From Alluxio 2.8 on, users can use `alluxio.standby.master.metrics.enabled=true`

Reviewer: https://github.com/Alluxio/alluxio/blob/master/core/common/src/main/java/alluxio/conf/PropertyKey.java#L6853

```
    public static final String STANDBY_MASTER_METRICS_SINK_ENABLED =
        "alluxio.standby.master.metrics.sink.enabled";
    public static final String STANDBY_MASTER_WEB_ENABLED =
        "alluxio.standby.master.web.enabled";
```

From the code related, the `alluxio.standby.master.metrics.enabled=true` seems to be changed to `alluxio.standby.master.metrics.sink.enabled`

Author: ooops

> serve the metrics. From Alluxio 2.8 on, users can use `alluxio.standby.master.metrics.enabled=true`
> to enable the Web UI on the standby masters too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
serve metrics. Set `alluxio.standby.master.metrics.enabled=true`
to have the standby masters also serve metrics.
```
